SO this is a cool looking website with not much features but there are some features which works grate. by 27th july.

This website is about making easy to seprate tons of thoughts and organize them according to the thought like if someone is thinking to do something after going home he can just put it in the dump area ( IDK WHY ITS NAMED DUMP AREA ) and the site will automatically ditects the category and then put the thought in todo area. 

## Why its helpfull ?
Its really helpful for those who dont have time to do things like this like if someone an idea and a question about that idea he dont have to put the idea first in the idea section and then go to the question section to write the question about that idea insted that person can just put the idea in the dump area and then hit enter then dump the question and hit enter again and the website will automatically organize both of them in different category. 

Another example for that is - A person is doing some researchs he can just go to the website then copy the the link of the website and past in the dump are and hit enter and if that person finds some cool quotes on the website he can just copy them and put it on the dump are and hit enter again. Also if that persons mom told him to do somework he can just put it in the website as well and the website will automatically seprate it in reminder section. 

## short story with all features
There was a boy sam who had an english assisment which was due in the next 2 hrs. Sam have to do some researches about famous people and write an artcle for it including different famous people and their quotes. Sam have to do all this in under 2 hours. He started his work by going to a website called MindDump ( which is my website ) and then starting his research. Fist part of his research was to find website about different people so he just found some cool websites and pasted all of them in dump area seprately. He also found some usefull imformation in the websites like famous quotes and so on. While he was looking at the website he got ideas on what else he could include in his research and wrote them in dumparea and pressed enter. Aslo while he was looking at the website he had a lot of questions which he just wrote in the dump area so he can look though them later. While he was working and looking at the websites he had to remember to talk to his friend about his research to review them so thats why he put it in dump area as well so he dont forget it. After 1 hour of doing these stuff his mum asked him to go to the market to bring some eggs, bread, butter and milk So sam just put it in the dump area as well and the website organized it in to do list. After all with only 1 hour left in the submittion he just had to write everything together and talk to his friend and submit it. He had everything he wants in the category section which was perfectly organized so it make him a lot more organized and work afficiently and while he was working he also turned on the focus mode which made him more productive. He also took breakes of 2-3 mins to refresh his mind using other features on the website (will be added in larger scale later).

## summery 
This was my website and I just mentioned almost everything in the story of sam which is a true story (🤫). And I will add more and more features in the other ships later on when I will do the other works. I will make this website clean and easy to use.

Thank you if you read the full README properly it took me like 30 min to write so yaa Thank you.